Hello friends, welcome to TP Insights.
In today's video, we will talk
about ICICI Lombard. I am getting
this question from many people: will we get a claim or not if we get treatment at a blacklisted hospital under ICICI Lombard?
I have already
made a video on this for all the companies,
but I am making a particular video
for you people, all the
ICICI policy holders. First of all,
you people should know what a
blacklisted hospital is. The
hospital which does not work according to the guidelines of the ICSC Lord, that is,
whenever there is an empanelment between ICICI Lombard and any private
hospital,
an agreement is signed between them regarding some of their guidelines,
such as the rates are fixed,
how to work, how to bill, what is the
scope of service, all these
things are written in that agreement. The
claim is processed according to the guidelines of that agreement.
When the hospital does
not follow those guidelines and
works against those guidelines, then ICICI  Lombard
questions that hospital
or blacklists it.
In the next video, I will tell you
how you can find out the blacklisted hospitals. So, stay tuned to the
channel till the end. If you are new to the channel, then subscribe to the channel and
press the bell icon so that
you keep getting notifications of new videos. So
let's start the video.
[Music]
All those who have taken the ICICI Lombard policy should be
aware of this. Just as it is very important
for you to know about the network hospitals, it is also
very important for you to know about the blacklisted hospitals. You will find the list of both, that is, the list of
blacklisted hospitals and the
list of network hospitals, on the
ICICI Lombard website. You have to
go to the ICICI Lombard website and search for the blacklisted hospitals,
and the list of network hospitals will also be
available nearby. So, there you
can check which hospitals near you,
in your city, or in your state have been
blacklisted by ICICI Lombard.  The
disadvantage of getting treatment done in a listed hospital is
that you will neither
get a cashless claim there nor
can you claim the bills there. That is, you got
treatment done in a non-network hospital and it is a
blacklisted hospital and
you made all the payments to the hospital there. You
thought that you will
reverse your bills after the treatment is complete, but when
you reversed it, the company said
that this hospital is blacklisted.
ICICI Loard has clearly written on its website
that whenever you get your treatment done, get it done
in our network hospital and
not in any blacklisted hospital. If
you get it done in a blacklisted hospital,
we will not give you any benefit,
neither will you provide cashless treatment nor will your bills be
processed. This is something to keep in mind which many
people do not know. As soon as you
search for a network hospital,
you will
get information about blacklisted hospitals there itself
or
Google's blacklisted hospital. Another
option is that you
can also inquire from your agent through whom you have booked your policy.  I have
bought it because they remain updated
in the city in which they are selling the policy,
they know which hospital
is newly associated with ICICI Lombard and which
hospital is blacklisted, so
you can take help from them as well or if you
have a corporate policy then you
can also find out from your HR, they also keep
sharing information that we have
blacklisted that hospital or
we have added a new hospital and the last
and the last option is that if you do
not get help from anywhere then you have to
talk to the customer care of ICICI Lombard, after
talking to the customer care you have to tell your city's pin code
or tell your state, then
they will confirm about all the hospitals that are blacklisted near you, so
whenever you have to get
your treatment done or
you are thinking of getting treatment done, then before that you
people should confirm which
hospitals are blacklisted in your city so
that you people can go there and make the payment
and then you may not even get the claim, so in today's video
I have told you people about blacklisted hospitals  I
told you how you
can find out about blacklisted hospitals. So, from today's
video, you must have understood how important it is for
you to know about blacklisted hospitals,
otherwise you may suffer
huge losses. So,
you must have understood the video. If you have
any question related to the video,
you can ask by writing in the comment section. Apart from this, if you have
any query related to your health insurance claim,
you must ask me questions related to that query.
You will definitely get answers to all your questions
in a limited time. If you liked the video, then
like the video, subscribe to the channel and
press the bell icon so that
you keep getting notifications of new videos. So,
share the video as much as possible.
Those who have ICICI Lombard's
health insurance policy, so that they can become
aware and do not get treatment done in such a hospital, otherwise
they may have to suffer losses later. So, that's all for
today's video. Till then, we will meet
in the next video.